---
layout: project
title:  "Assignment 1:Twitter Analysis & Critique"
date:   2022-09-18 17:26:24 -0400
categories: jekyll update
author: "Yufei"
---

## Stakeholders

### **Direct Stakeholders**

- **Shareholders:** What ****matters most to shareholders is the company's overall financial results and future expectations. For them to maintain the stock prize is the priority,  and it is necessary for the company to enhance profits and win people’s believe in the potentials of the product.
    - Expanding profitability:  the growth of the number of users - expanding the business side to attract potential targets; increasing the conversion rate of revenue - precisely segment users’ groups & implement more functions to attract new users.
    - Maintaining stock: emergence of new competitors occupy the limited audience of products (e.g. Instgram, Tiktok, etc.).  This case is often considered in decision-making progress resulting in adding features similar to newer media products (but the truth is that outcomes are often unsatisfactory).
- **Business Brand:** Generally it has two types: advertisment and company official account. Companies hold Twitter accounts and post relevant updates to generate buzz and raise public awareness of their products. The operation of the official account and the conversion rate of the ads delivered is crucial.
- **Third Parties:** Similar to commercial companies, other governmental/NGO organizations also publish information through Twitter. These third-party organizations are more concerned with the timeliness and accuracy of information and echoing awareness of social justice than with the commercial profitability of brands. More often, they are objects of discussion, but in special circumstances statements and pronouncements (can either be positive or negative) may cause widespread discussion.

### **One Person, Multiple Roles**

- **Freelancer:** For freelancers (e.g. digital artists, Youtubers), Twitter is a platform to showcase their personality and professional ability - in the process of operating their accounts, they can expand their visibility and get relevant collaborations/contracts/advertising, that is to speak, Twitter has some of the effects of Linkedin; for start-up Twitter accounts, they especially rely  on exposure and need to plan and schedule their posts in an organized manner to gain higher referral weight.

## Time

### **Adaptation**

- **Information Cocoons:** common problem of all social media under the recommendation mechanism. In terms of the dissemination of opinions and statements, on platforms such as Twitter, where short text messages & images are the main focus, discussion of topics can be extremely radical, and there is greater potential for intensifying the conflicts.
- **What the shorter length brings us**: One of the main features of Twitter content is its content is short and fast to send, which provides a good way to share our personal expressions and we are free to use it without caring about paradigm; however, for the content itself, the value brought by short messages may be more of a strong instant emotion (which is also a way to get views quickly). This undermines the potential to improve the quality of content on the platform: who wouldn't want to get more pageviews in a easy way?
- **Satisfactions can never be achieved:** the sliding interaction mode (the most common mobile interaction mode in streaming media today) meets the physiological "constant stimulation and satisfaction" and is highly addictive; it has to be said that this is a design success, but the question is do we really need such strong stimulation and the information we get Is it really worth the time it takes to be devoured? Can we provide a simple and efficient interaction model (although it may be against the logic of prioritizing business profits)?

### **Work of the Future**

- **Erasing the information gap:** Twitter using by many academic institutions/individuals suggests that modern social media have significant contribution in reducing the information gap in people's work. We can envision a future in which a highly coupled social networking system in all aspects of life provides more multidimensional convenience and access to information (but this is also likely to be at a cost, such as sacrificing individual privacy).
- **Digital Labor and Notion of Web3**: The essence of the Internet lies in sharing and communication, and the core of social platforms formally lies in the information collection and user connection around content sharing. The question is : Are the creators of quality content themselves getting their fair share of rewards? Establishing a reasonable redistribution of benefits in a possible future decentralized world is a question worth discussing.

## Pervasiveness

### **Crossing National Boundaries**

- **The Great Wall**: China's internet firewall is known to restrict access to most US social media, which is insurmountable for Twitter given the country's policies; economically, Twitter loses out on a massive market; and from a user perspective, it's a huge loss of access to information for both domestic and foreign users

### **Widespread Use**

- **Public discussion**: The impact after getting large growth of users will primely reflected in the public space (including and not limited to: tags and topic of the latest, hottest discussion bar, user comments section, etc.); these are often based on some specific algorithms given the weight of display and sorting; "what to show, what not to show " becomes an intricate link of interest. And the average user is extremely vulnerable to the invisible manipulators behind this hostage and thus have an impact on their values; this can not help but make us reflect: what kind of discussion environment/discussion mode can give us the maximum degree of freedom and the right to be free from domination?
- **Personal - Options for organizing information**: Assuming I am a user who has been using Twitter for many years and has stored a lot of information, does Twitter give me a good way to organize my information (favorites, groups, retweets)? Is there an additional interface that allows me to collect the useful information I have acquired?
- **Information filtering**: The growth of the user level also brought about the upgrade of the scam monitoring system and the filtering of the content hierarchy, probably because of technical reasons, resulting in the actual experience of using the system's information filtering system will instead filter out some useful or I hope to obtain information.

## Values

### **Choose Desired Values**

- **Healthy Conversations:** The goal of Twitter is to make a safe place for free expression which I think this is the most important. Social media, based on its huge base, is not really a democratic and harmonious coexistence, so it must use filtering/detection technology + human intervention to "fix" some problematic parts. Twitter has also shown its problematic side in some of the latter news stories: for example, the abuse of corporate power to block users' account (although the influence of opinion leader itself needs to be weighed in the public media).
- **Fast, free, fun:** The definition of Twitter's medium is well defined by its fast and free: short text-based, basically no more than 150 words, pictures are limited to four, short videos are the main focus, and comments are also presented on an article-by-article basis (and also displayed in the user dynamics), which improves exposure and timeliness compared to the traditional forum reply mode (but too frequent interactions also Another point is the clear logic of its interaction and interface design framework, with a clear intention of displaying a hovering Post icon, changing the parallel hierarchy from left to right and going up and down to the current hierarchy (it is not clear where the prototype of this model comes from, but the overall user interactive logic of twitter is easy to understand).
- **Security and Privacy:** Based on the scandal of facebook leaking users' privacy, security and privacy is now one of the elements that social media definitely needs to declare; Twitter provides some public/private options about users' usage, but we don't know if it has taken users' data to do something

### **User Experience of Values:**

- I favour the idea of free expression. For introverts who prefer to express themselves online and invest their energy and emotions, they need such a platform to regulate their emotions and senses of values; allowing everyone to be their true self online is the greatest way to accommodate and help some disadvantaged people (physical/mental illnesses, difficulties in voicing their opinions in real life).

## Interview 1

The first interviewee is an digital artist who uses Twitter to post images of her work and obtain information about multinational industries. In terms of usage, she mentioned that the information acquisition mechanism of Twitter is not satisfactory: the classification of Twitter hot search is not clear and the design of timeline is confusing, which leads to the increase of invalid information; it is difficult to quickly narrow down the target group by keyword search in the search square, and mainly relies on the recommendation of users who have already followed. She suggested that Twitter could add a more focused recommendation page to collect relevant user recommendations and post content recommendations.

In terms of community environment on Twitter, because she mainly gets content from other countries (Japanese/Korean), the language barrier reduces the potential conflicts with others; she also prefers to go to other more segmented communities for communication and discussion rather than using Twitter as a platform to get information.

Interestingly, when we mentioned her ideal spcial platform, she would prefer a product that combines decentralized freedom of expression and a centralized model that is easy to collect and disseminate. We discussed the pros and cons of contemporary streaming media versus the Internet forum model that was popular in earlier years: clearly appointed administrators can organize the community in a more organized way, making it easier to record and preserve information over time, and the discussants are more engaged, but this greatly depends on the inclusiveness of the administrators; in the streaming media era, pageviews and recommendations are the top priority, for good quality but not exciting enough might be easily submerged in massive data . The current social media does not meet her function of centralized access/convenient sharing of high-quality images and texts.

## Interview 2

The second interviewee is a student who uses Twitter as a secondary source of information. The use of Twitter is not so frequent (2-3 times a week), mainly to get comments on international events, game information and game related creations, and never to post content or interact, but only to browse and favorite.

For him, Twitter is a tool to help him understand events, so in the process of using Twitter, he prefers to see people's real and open comments (he himself says he is less affected by emotional/radical comments), and at the same time, in this process of collecting information, he also collects information from multiple platforms, and Twitter is more of a channel to supplement international information; in his experience of using Twitter, there are interferences In his experience of using Twitter, there is too much information and he is pushed with uninteresting contents; at the same time, as a pure information collector, he would like to have better classification and collection functions.

In general, the second interviewee uses Twitter in a more objective manner and only uses it for specific domain needs; his social media use is more lightweight than thefirst one, whose appeal is to have a cohesive community. Making a social platform with pure goals and clear operational interactions is a conceptual direction.